Add support for publishing download site maintenance branch (#200)
Slicer/slicer.org: download.markdown

    Read about <a href="https://slicer.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/getting_started.html#system-requirements">system requirements</a>.
    </div>

{% if site.slicer_download_maintenance_enabled %}
    <div class="columns is-mobile is-centered has-text-centered">

      <div class="column is-12">
        <div class="notification is-warning">
            <p class="title is-4">
            We&rsquo;ll be back very soon! Scheduled maintenance happening on June 27th, 2023.
            </p>
            <p class="content">

>             Sorry for the inconvenience but we&rsquo;re performing some maintenance at the moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Sorry for the inconvenience, but we are performing some maintenance at the moment.
```

            If you have questions or would like to learn more, see <a href="https://discourse.slicer.org/t/maintenance-of-download-slicer-org-slicer-kitware-com-and-slicer-packages-kitware-com-planned-for-june-27th-2023-2-00pm-to-4-00pm-et/30250">here</a>, otherwise we anticipate the maintenance to last for approximately two hours, from 2:00 PM to 4:00 PM ET on June 27th, 2023.
            </p>
            <p class="content">

>             In the meantime, explore our <a href="https://slicer.readthedocs.io/">documentation</a> for tips on how to use Slicer or join our <a href="https://discourse.slicer.org/">Forum</a> to connect with other users.

Reviewer: `documentation` is linked and lowercase, so would make sense to make `forum` linked and lowercase as well.
```suggestion
            In the meantime, explore our <a href="https://slicer.readthedocs.io/">documentation</a> for tips on how to use Slicer or join our <a href="https://discourse.slicer.org/">forum</a> to connect with other users.
```

Author: Thanks for the review, corresponding changes have been pushed at:
* https://github.com/Slicer/slicer.org/pull/202
